**Demo Design Evaluation Disclaimer**

  

This Demo Design Evaluation Disclaimer applies between Avnet EMG GmbH having its registered office at Gruberstr 60c-60d, 85586 Poing, Germany (“**AVNET**”), and the user of any Demo Materials provided by AVNET (“**COMPANY**” or **“USER”**).

**1.** **Restrictions and Disclaimer**. The Demo Materials are provided by AVNET as an accommodation to Company, and on an “as-is” basis. AVNET does not warrant the functionality of the Demo Materials for any particular use. Nor does AVNET warrant that the Demo Materials are error-free, tested, or will function in the manner represented or with any third party or Company product. It is the Company’s sole responsibility to determine whether the Demo Materials are suitable for the Company’s intended use. It is also the Company’s sole responsibility to determine whether the Demo Materials, or any portion thereof, infringe patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights.

No contractual obligations whatsoever are formed, either directly or indirectly, by AVNET making this Demo Materials available for Company’s consideration, or by Company’s ultimate use of the Demo Materials. By providing this Demo Materials, AVNET does not grant a license, express, implied, by estoppel or otherwise, to AVNET’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.

Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless AVNET and its affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, employees and assignees, against any claim, suit, demand or action which arises out of COMPANY’s breach or performance these Terms or Company’s use of the Demo Materials beyond internal evaluation, including any and all direct losses, liabilities, damages, awards of settlement (including court costs) and expenses (including all reasonable attorneys’ fees, whether or not legal proceedings are commenced) arising from any such claim, suit, demand or action. This indemnity shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

**2.** **Open Source Restrictions**. The Demo Materials may contain Open Source and may be subject to Open Source Licensing Terms. **“****Open Source Licensing Terms****”** means terms in any license for software which require, as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution of such software or other software incorporated into, derived from or distributed with such software (a **“****Work****”**), any of the following: (a) the making available of source code or design information regarding the Work; (b) the granting of permission for creating derivative works regarding the Work; or (c) the granting of a royalty-free license to any party under intellectual property rights regarding the Work. By means of example and without limitation, Open Source Licensing Terms include the following licenses or distribution models: (i) the GNU General Public License (GPL) or Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL), (ii) the Artistic License (e.g. PERL), (iii) the Mozilla Public License, (iv) the Common Public License, (v) the Sun Community Source License (SCSL), (vi) the Sun Industry Standards Source License (SISSL), and (vii) the Open Software License.

**3. “ As-Is”.** THE DEMO MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” and “with all faults” BASIS. AVNET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY, OR ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE, OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS REMAINS WITH COMPANY.

**4.** **Limitation of Liability**. IN NO EVENT SHALL AVNET BE LIABLE TO COMPANY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING without limitation DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE DEMO MATERIALS, WHETHER OR NOT BASED ON TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT COMPANY MIGHT INCUR FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL DAMAGES REFERENCED ABOVE AND ALL DIRECT OR GENERAL DAMAGES), THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF AVNET AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ALL OF THE FOREGOING SHALL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL DAMAGES INCURRED UP TO FIVE DOLLARS (US$50.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
